Nangong Yuan, the 1,078th patriarch of the Nangong family
Rate of ten ancient tribes
Bring the double betrothal gift to propose marriage to the Holy Lord
called
Fame
My ten ancient tribes take an oath today
Stereoscopic Southern Xinjiang Fujiawei Building
The first family childhood begins now
These so-called famous families
It's just a misty rain
The first family is your founding goal
These ancient tribes will also serve you alone
It's efficient to use one person
Just for you
Not the whole co-pilot
It's not true.
The head of the Nangong family has said that he supports the co-pilot of the entire southern border
That includes us, of course.
You also deserve
Mr. Ye Huan Buye
Oops, you talk to me, shut up
I am the Holy Lord
It's our fault for being blind
I listened to the nonsense of this leaf tooth
I'll give it back to you soon.
We and beauty
Anyway, it's breaking bones and tendons
We are all family, don't talk about two families, family
Now that I think of my family, why did you go early?
Dad?
You see what he says, I am also his sister and sister
Are you going to cut ties?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Hongyan, my father was wrong just now
I apologize to you.
I really didn't rob him.
My son-in-law has so much energy
Even the best families have been invited
Just to make us rich and strong
Grass is like water, so is grass
He died in the ground 20 years ago
I also want to kill you